token-token,assay type,cancer,f,f,panel,f,f
token-token,disease severity,cancer,f,f,stage,f,f
token-token,parameters,current,f,f,criteria,f,f
token-token,assay brand,genedx,f,f,panel,f,f
token-token,disease appearance,appearing,f,f,dysn,t,f
token-token,diagnostic parameters,testing,f,f,criteria,f,f
token-token,disease severity,benign,f,f,dysn,t,f
token-token,disease severity,malignant,f,f,dysn,t,f
token-token,measure,mm,f,f,dysn,t,f
token-token,measure,cm,f,f,dysn,t,f
token-token,disease severity,invasive,f,f,neop,t,f
token-token,disease severity,noninvasive,f,f,neop,t,f
token-token,laterality,left,f,f,bpoc,t,f
token-token,laterality,right,f,f,bpoc,t,f
token-token,laterality,bilateral,f,f,bpoc,t,f
token-token,unit of measure,cardinal number,t,f,cm,f,f
token-token,unit of measure,cardinal number,t,f,mm,f,f
token-token,measurement,cardinal number,t,f,cm,f,f
token-token,measurement,cardinal number,t,f,mm,f,f
token-token,disease location,bpoc,t,f,dysn,t,f
token-token,simple cyst modifiers,qlco-simple,t,f,cyst,f,f
token-token,simple cyst modifiers,qlco-simple,t,f,cysts,f,f
token-token,complex cyst modifiers,qlco-com,t,f,cyst,f,f
token-token,complex cyst modifiers,qlco-com,t,f,cysts,f,f
token-token,neoplasm severity,qlco-neop,t,f,disease,f,t
token-token,finding site modifier,qlco,t,f,bpoc,t,f
token-token,radiation dosage,cardinal number,t,f,cgy,f,f
token-token,radiation fractions,cardinal number,t,f,fraction,f,f
token-token,radiation fractions,cardinal number,t,f,fractions,f,f
token-token,disease location,bpoc,t,f,neop-can,t,f
token-token,metastatic finding site,bpoc,t,f,mets,f,f
token-token,metastatic finding site,bpoc,t,f,metastatic,f,f
token-token,metastatic finding site,bpoc,t,f,metastasis,f,f
token-token,histologic type,qlco-neop,t,f,neop-can,t,f
token-token,radiation dosage,cardinal number,t,f,gy,f,f
token-token,treatment cycle,cardinal number,t,f,cycle,f,f
token-token,treatment cycle,cardinal number,t,f,treatment,f,f
token-token,symptom location,bpoc,t,f,sympto,t,f
token-token,disease modifier,qlco-sev,t,f,dysn,t,f
token-token,mci value,cardinal number,t,f,mci,f,f
token-token,suv,suv,f,f,cardinal number,t,f
token-token,hounsfield unit,cardinal number,t,f,hounsfield,f,f
token-token,hounsfield unit,cardinal number,t,f,hu,f,f
token-token,uptake,qlco,t,f,uptake,f,f
token-token,uptake,qlco-simple,t,f,uptake,f,f
token-token,uptake location,bpoc,t,f,uptake,f,f
token-token,radiotherapy type,stereotactic,f,f,radiotherapy,t,f
token-token,neoplasm severity,qlco-neop,t,f,dysn,t,t
token-token,radiation dosage,cardinal number,t,f,mgy,f,f
token-token,radiation dosage,cardinal number,t,f,msv,f,f
token-token,radiation dosage,cardinal number,t,f,mg,f,f
token-token,time,cardinal number,t,f,seconds,f,f
token-token,time,cardinal number,t,f,second,f,f
token-token,time,cardinal number,t,f,minutes,f,f
token-token,time,cardinal number,t,f,minute,f,f
token-token,time,cardinal number,t,f,hour,f,f
token-token,time,cardinal number,t,f,hours,f,f
token-token,probably benign,probably,f,f,benign,f,f
token-token,disease modifier,qlco,t,f,dysn,t,f
token-token,procedure location,bpoc,t,f,proc,t,f
token-token,disease modifier,fusiform,f,f,dysn,t,f
token-token,enlarged finding site,enlarged,f,f,bpoc,t,f
token-token,enlarged finding site,enlargement,f,f,bpoc,t,f
token-token,enlarged finding site,prominent,f,f,bpoc,t,f
token-token,heterogeneous finding site,heterogeneous,f,f,bpoc,t,f
token-token,heterogeneous finding site,multinodular,f,f,bpoc,t,f
token-token,heterogeneous finding site,multi-nodular,f,f,bpoc,t,f
token-token,complex cyst modifiers,qlco-com,t,f,cysts,f,f
token-token,disease stability,stable,f,f,dysn,t,f
token-token,degree of procedure,total,f,f,proc,t,f
token-token,degree of procedure,partial,f,f,proc,t,f
token-token,general time,previous,f,f,dysn,t,f
token-token,general time,prior,f,f,dysn,t,f
token-token,disease modifier,qlco-cert,t,f,dysn,t,f
token-token,disease modifier,qlco-degree,t,f,dysn,t,f
token-token,disease modifier,qlco-depth,t,f,dysn,t,f
token-token,disease modifier,qlco-fixed,t,f,dysn,t,f
token-token,disease modifier,qlco-sev,t,f,dysn,t,f
token-token,disease modifier,qlco-sizeref,t,f,dysn,t,f
token-token,disease modifier,qlco-sym,t,f,dysn,t,f
token-token,procedure timing,qlco-tempor,t,f,proc,t,f
token-token,procedure timing,tempor,t,f,proc,t,f
token-token,physician speciality,bpoc,t,f,title-med,t,f
token-token,consultation speciality,bpoc,t,f,ptconsul,t,f
token-token,procedure evaluation,proc,t,f,ptconsul,t,f
token-token,history,family,f,f,dysn,t,f
token-token,drug delivery,drugpr,t,f,delivermeth,t,f
token-token,supp care,follow-up,f,f,tempor,t,f
token-token,time,cardinal number,t,f,tempor,t,f
token-token,consultation type,bpoc,t,f,ptconsul,t,f
token-token,follow-up,ultrasound,f,f,follow-up,f,f
token-token,disease location,abdominal,f,f,aneurysm,f,f
token-token,disease modifier,aortic,f,f,aneurysm,f,f
token-token,advise,recommend,f,f,proc,t,f
token-token,advise,proc,t,f,recommended,f,f
token-token,disease modifier,clinically,f,f,abdominal,f,f
token-token,new disease,incidental,f,f,dysn,t,f
token-token,disease history,previous,f,f,dysn,t,f