compare,compares,compared,comparing,compare,yes,yes
complete,completes,completed,completing,complete
complicate,complicates,complicated,complicating,complicate,no,yes
compose,composes,composed,composing,build
measure,measures,measured,measuring,calculate,,yes
get,gets,got,gotten
demonstrate,demonstrates,demonstrated,demonstrating, demonstrate,yes
appear,appears,appeared,appearing,appear,yes
detect,detects,detected,detecting,see,yes,yes
visualize,visualizes,visualized,visualizing,view,yes
suggest,suggests,suggested,suggesting,suggest,yes,yes
calculate,calculates,calculated,calculating,calculate,yes,yes
demonstrate,demonstrates,demonstrated,demonstrating,indicate,yes
confirm,confirms,confirmed,confirming,confirm,yes
reveal,reveals,revealed,revealing,indicate,yes,yes
show,shows,showed,showing,indicate,yes
determine,determines,determined,determining,define,yes
identify,identifies,identified,identifying,define,yes
report,reports,reported,reporting,define,yes,yes
represent,represents,represented,representing,define,yes
resemble,resembles,resembled,resembling,appear,yes
appear,appears,appeared,appearing,appear,yes
see,sees,seen,seeing,view,yes
develop,develops,developed,developing,develop,yes
deny,denies,denied,denying,deny,no,no,yes
accompany,accompanies,accompanied,accompanying,action,yes
activate,activates,activated,activating,action,yes
attach,attaches,attached,attaching,action,yes
bind,binds,bound,binding,action,yes
close,closes,closed,closing,action,yes,yes
collect,collects,collected,collecting,action,yes
connect,connects,connected,connecting,action,yes
document,documents,documented,documenting,action,yes
establish,establishes,established,establishing,action,yes
evaluate,evaluates,evaluated,evaluating,action,yes,yes
examine,examines,examined,examining,action,yes,yes
expect,expects,expected,expecting,action,yes
include,includes,included,including,action,yes
investigate,investigates,investigated,investigating,action,yes
involve,involves,involved,involving,action,yes
observe,observes,observed,observing,action,yes
obtain,obtains,obtained,obtaining,action,yes
perform,performs,performed,performing,action,yes,yes
play,plays,played,playing,action,yes
provide,provides,provided,providing,action,yes
read,reads,read,reading,action,yes
repair,repairs,repaired,repairing,action,yes
replace,replaces,replaced,replacing,action,yes
review,reviews,reviewed,reviewing,action,yes
scan,scans,scanned,scanning,action,yes,yes
separate,separates,separated,separating,action,yes
study,studies,studied,studying,action,yes,yes
use,uses,used,using,action,yes
associate,associates,associated,associating,associate,yes
clear,clears,cleared,clearing,clear,yes
empty,empties,emptied,emptying,clear,yes
analyze,analyzes,analyzed,analyzing,define,yes,yes
define,defines,defined,defining,define,yes,yes
delineate,delineates,delineated,delineating,define,yes,yes
describe,describes,described,describing,define,yes,yes
detail,details,detailed,detailing,define,yes,yes
size,sizes,sized,sizing,define,yes,yes
form,forms,formed,forming,develop,yes,yes
make,makes,made,making,develop,yes,yes
produce,produces,produced,producing,develop,yes,yes
find,finds,found,finding,identify,yes,yes
rupture,ruptures,ruptured,rupturing,action,yes,yes
attenuate,attenuates,attenuated,attenuating,change value,yes,yes
change,changes,changed,changing,change value,yes,yes
contrast,contrasts,contrasted,contrasting,change value,yes,yes
decompress,decompresses,decompressed,decompressing,change value,yes,yes
decrease,decreases,decreased,decreasing,change value,yes,yes
deflate,deflates,deflated,deflating,change value,yes,yes
degenerate,degenerates,degenerated,degenerating,change value,yes,yes
downregulate,downregulates,downregulated,downregulating,change value,yes,yes
enhance,enhances,enhanced,enhancing,change value,yes,yes
enlarge,enlarges,enlarged,enlarging,change value,yes,yes
extend,extends,extended,extending,change value,yes,yes
increase,increases,increased,increasing,change value,yes,yes
induce,induces,induced,inducing,change value,yes,yes
limit,limits,limited,limiting,change value,yes,yes
modulate,modulates,modulated,modulating,change value,yes,yes
overexpress,overexpresses,overexpressed,overexpressing,change value,yes,yes
promote,promotes,promoted,promoting,change value,yes,yes
raise,raises,raised,raising,change value,yes,yes
range,ranges,ranged,ranging,change value,yes,yes
reduce,reduces,reduced,reducing,change value,yes,yes
remove,removes,removed,removing,change value,yes,yes
swell,swells,swelled,swelling,change value,yes,yes
up regulate,up regulates,up regulated,up regulating,change value,yes,yes
worsen,worsens,worsened,worsening,change value,yes,yes
administer,administers,administered,administering,action,yes,yes
give,gives,gave,giving,action,yes,yes
utilize,utilizes,utilized,utilizing,action,yes
consider,considers,considered,considering,advise,yes,yes
suggest,suggests,suggested,suggesting,advise,yes,yes
advise,advises,advised,advising,advise,yes,yes
recommend,recommends,recommended,recommending,advise,yes,yes
refer,refers,referred,referring,advise,yes,yes
acknowledge,acknowledges,acknowledged,acknowledging,consent,yes,yes
sign,signs,signed,signing,consent,yes,yes
place,places,placed,placing,position,yes
position,positions,positioned,positioning,position,yes
situate,situates,situated,situating,position,yes
dilate, dilates, dilated, dilating, dilate,yes,no,no
encode,encodes,encoded,encoding,encode,no,no,no
induce,induces,induced,inducing,induce,no,no,no
modulate,modulates,modulated,modulating,modulate,no,no,no
operate,operates,operated,operating,operate,no,no,no
link,links,linked,linking,link,no,no,no
impair,impairs,impaired,impairing,impair,no,no,no
remain,remains,remained,remaining,remain,no,no,no
express,expresses,expressed,expressing,express,no,no,no
inhibit,inhibits,inhibited,inhibiting,inhibit,no,no,no
regulate,regulates,regulated,regulating,regulate,no,no,no
infer,infers,inferring,inferred,infer,no,no,no 
cause,causes,causing,caused,cause,no,no,no
work,works,working,worked,work,no,no,no
drive,drives,driving,drove,drive,no,no,no
meet,meets,meeting,met,meet,no,no,no
park,parks,parking,parked,park,no,no,no
diagnose,diagnoses,diagnosing,diagnosed,diagnose,no,no,no
suppress,suppresses,suppressing,suppressed,suppress,no,no,no
found,founds,founded,founding,found,yes,yes
co-found,co-founds,co-founded,co-founding,co-found,yes,yes
equal,equals,equaled,equaling,equal,yes,yes
start,starts,started,starting,start,yes,yes
begin,begins,began,beginning,begin,yes,yes
upregulate,upregulates,upregulated,upregulating,no,no,no
abandon,abandons,abandoned,abandoning,,yes,no,no
abate,abates,abated,abating,,yes,no,no
abide,abides,abided,abiding,,yes,no,no
abolish,abolishes,abolished,abolishing,,yes,no,no
abort,aborts,aborted,aborting,,yes,no,no
abrogate,abrogates,abrogated,abrogating,,yes,no,no
absorb,absorbs,absorbed,absorbing,,yes,no,no
abstain,abstains,abstained,abstaining,,yes,no,no
abstract,abstracts,abstracted,abstracting,,no,no,no
accelerate,accelerates,accelerated,accelerating,,yes,no,no
accentuate,accentuates,accentuated,accentuating,,yes,no,no
accept,accepts,accepted,accepting,,yes,no,no
access,accesses,accessed,accessing,,yes,no,no
accommodate,accommodates,accommodated,accommodating,,yes,no,no
accomplish,accomplishes,accomplished,accomplishing,,yes,no,no
accumulate,accumulates,accumulated,accumulating,,yes,no,no
ache,aches,ached,aching,,yes,no,no
achieve,achieves,achieved,achieving,,yes,no,no
acquire,acquires,acquired,acquiring,,yes,no,no
act,acts,acted,acting,,no,no,no
adapt,adapts,adapted,adapting,,yes,no,no
add,adds,added,adding,,yes,no,no
address,addresses,addressed,addressing,,yes,no,no
adhere,adheres,adhered,adhering,,yes,no,no
adjust,adjusts,adjusted,adjusting,,yes,no,no
admit,admits,admitted,admitting,,yes,no,no
adopt,adopts,adopted,adopting,,yes,no,no
advance,advances,advanced,advancing,,yes,no,no
advocate,advocates,advocated,advocating,,yes,no,no
affect,affects,affected,affecting,,yes,no,no
affirm,affirms,affirmed,affirming,,yes,no,no
afflict,afflicts,afflicted,afflicting,,yes,no,no
afford,affords,afforded,affording,,yes,no,no
aggravate,aggravates,aggravated,aggravating,,yes,no,no
agree,agrees,agreed,agreeing,,yes,no,no
aid,aids,aided,aiding,,yes,no,no
aim,aims,aimed,aiming,,yes,no,no
alert,alerts,alerted,alerting,,yes,no,no
align,aligns,aligned,aligning,,yes,no,no
allocate,allocates,allocated,allocating,,yes,no,no
allow,allows,allowed,allowing,,yes,no,no
alter,alters,altered,altering,,yes,no,no
ameliorate,ameliorates,ameliorated,ameliorating,,yes,no,no
amend,amends,amended,amending,,yes,no,no
anesthetize,anesthetizes,anesthetized,anesthetizing,,yes,no,no
annotate,annotates,annotated,annotating,,yes,no,no
answer,answers,answered,answering,,no,no,no
antagonize,antagonizes,antagonized,antagonizing,,yes,no,no
anticipate,anticipates,anticipated,anticipating,,no,no,no
apologize,apologizes,apologized,apologizing,,yes,no,no
appeal,appeals,appealed,appealing,,yes,no,no
append,appends,appended,appending,,yes,no,no
applaud,applauds,applauded,applauding,,no,no,no
appraise,appraises,appraised,appraising,,yes,no,no
appreciate,appreciates,appreciated,appreciating,,no,no,no
approach,approaches,approached,approaching,,yes,no,no
approve,approves,approved,approving,,yes,no,no
argue,argues,argued,arguing,,no,no,no
arise,arises,arose,arising,,yes,no,no
arouse,arouses,aroused,arousing,,no,no,no
arrange,arranges,arranged,arranging,,yes,no,no
arrest,arrests,arrested,arresting,,yes,no,no
arrive,arrives,arrived,arriving,,no,no,no
articulate,articulates,articulated,articulating,,no,no,no
ascertain,ascertains,ascertained,ascertaining,,no,no,no
ascribe,ascribes,ascribed,ascribing,,yes,no,no
ask,asks,asked,asking,,no,no,no
aspirate,aspirates,aspirated,aspirating,,no,no,no
assault,assaults,assaulted,assaulting,,yes,no,no
assemble,assembles,assembled,assembling,,yes,no,no
assess,assesses,assessed,assessing,,yes,no,no
assign,assigns,assigned,assigning,,yes,no,no
assist,assists,assisted,assisting,,no,no,no
assume,assumes,assumed,assuming,,no,no,no
assure,assures,assured,assuring,,no,no,no
attack,attacks,attacked,attacking,,yes,no,no
attain,attains,attained,attaining,,yes,no,no
attempt,attempts,attempted,attempting,,no,no,no
attend,attends,attended,attending,,yes,no,no
attract,attracts,attracted,attracting,,yes,no,no
attribute,attributes,attributed,attributing,,yes,no,no
augment,augments,augmented,augmenting,,yes,no,no
authorize,authorizes,authorized,authorizing,,no,no,no
aver,avers,avered,avering,,no,no,no
average,averages,averaged,averaging,,yes,no,no
avert,averts,averted,averting,,no,no,no
avoid,avoids,avoided,avoiding,,yes,no,no
await,awaits,awaited,awaiting,,yes,no,no
award,awards,awarded,awarding,,yes,no,no
back,backs,backed,backing,,yes,no,no
balance,balances,balanced,balancing,,yes,no,no
bang,bangs,banged,banging,,yes,no,no
base,bases,based,basing,,no,no,no
behave,behaves,behaved,behaving,,no,no,no
believe,believes,believed,believing,,no,no,no
belong,belongs,belonged,belonging,,no,no,no
bestow,bestows,bestowed,bestowing,,no,no,no
bid,bids,bided,biding,,yes,no,no
birch,birches,birched,birching,,no,no,no
bite,bites,bitten,biting,,yes,no,no
blame,blames,blamed,blaming,,yes,no,no
blast,blasts,blasted,blasting,,yes,no,no
blend,blends,blended,blending,,yes,no,no
blink,blinks,blinked,blinking,,no,no,no
block,blocks,blocked,blocking,,yes,no,no
blunt,blunts,blunted,blunting,,no,no,no
blush,blushes,blushed,blushing,,no,no,no
bolster,bolsters,bolstered,bolstering,,no,no,no
bond,bonds,bonded,bonding,,yes,no,no
bone,bones,boned,boning,,yes,no,no
book,books,booked,booking,,yes,no,no
boost,boosts,boosted,boosting,,yes,no,no
bore,bores,bored,boring,,no,no,no
born,borns,borned,borning,,no,no,no
borne,bornes,borned,borning,,no,no,no
bother,bothers,bothered,bothering,,no,no,no
bounce,bounces,bounced,bouncing,,yes,no,no
bound,bounds,bounded,bounding,,yes,no,no
brace,braces,braced,bracing,,yes,no,no
breach,breaches,breached,breaching,,yes,no,no
breathe,breathes,breathed,breathing,,no,no,no
bridge,bridges,bridged,bridging,,yes,no,no
brief,briefs,briefed,briefing,,no,no,no
broaden,broadens,broadened,broadening,,yes,no,no
buffer,buffers,buffered,buffering,,no,no,no
bugle,bugles,bugled,bugling,,no,no,no
bump,bumps,bumped,bumping,,yes,no,no
burn,burns,burnt,burning,,yes,no,no
bypass,bypasses,bypassed,bypassing,,yes,no,no
calibrate,calibrates,calibrated,calibrating,,yes,no,no
call,calls,called,calling,,no,no,no
calm,calms,calmed,calming,,yes,no,no
cancel,cancels,canceled,canceling,,yes,no,yes
capitalize,capitalizes,capitalized,capitalizing,,yes,no,no
capture,captures,captured,capturing,,yes,no,no
care,cares,cared,caring,,no,no,no
carry,carries,carried,carrying,,yes,no,no
cast,casts,casted,casting,,yes,no,no
castrate,castrates,castrated,castrating,,yes,no,no
catalyze,catalyzes,catalyzed,catalyzing,,yes,no,no
categorize,categorizes,categorized,categorizing,,yes,no,no
caution,cautions,cautioned,cautioning,,no,no,no
cease,ceases,ceased,ceasing,,yes,no,no
celebrate,celebrates,celebrated,celebrating,,no,no,no
censor,censors,censored,censoring,,yes,no,no
challenge,challenges,challenged,challenging,,yes,no,no
channel,channels,channeled,channeling,,yes,no,no
chaperone,chaperones,chaperoned,chaperoning,,no,no,no
characterize,characterizes,characterized,characterizing,,yes,no,no
chart,charts,charted,charting,,yes,no,no
chase,chases,chased,chasing,,yes,no,no
cheat,cheats,cheated,cheating,,yes,no,no
check,checks,checked,checking,,no,no,no
chow,chows,chowed,chowing,,yes,no,no
circulate,circulates,circulated,circulating,,yes,no,no
circumcise,circumcises,circumcised,circumcising,,yes,no,no
circumvent,circumvents,circumvented,circumventing,,yes,no,no
cite,cites,cited,citing,,yes,no,no
claim,claims,claimed,claiming,,no,no,no
clamp,clamps,clamped,clamping,,yes,no,no
clean,cleans,cleaned,cleaning,,yes,no,no
cleanse,cleanses,cleansed,cleansing,,yes,no,no
cleave,cleaves,cleaved,cleaving,,yes,no,no
click,clicks,clicked,clicking,,yes,no,no
climb,climbs,climbed,climbing,,yes,no,no
clinch,clinches,clinched,clinching,,yes,no,no
clog,clogs,clogged,clogging,,yes,no,no
cluster,clusters,clustered,clustering,,yes,no,no
coactivate,coactivates,coactivated,coactivating,,no,no,no
code,codes,coded,coding,,no,no,no
coexist,coexists,coexisted,coexisting,,yes,no,no
coincide,coincides,coincided,coinciding,,yes,no,no
collaborate,collaborates,collaborated,collaborating,,no,no,no
colonize,colonizes,colonized,colonizing,,no,no,no
combat,combats,combated,combating,,yes,no,no
combine,combines,combined,combining,,yes,no,no
comfort,comforts,comforted,comforting,,yes,no,no
commence,commences,commenced,commencing,,yes,no,no
commend,commends,commended,commending,,yes,no,no
comment,comments,commented,commenting,,no,no,no
commit,commits,committed,committing,,yes,no,no
communicate,communicates,communicated,communicating,,yes,no,no
compensate,compensates,compensated,compensating,,yes,no,no
compete,competes,competed,competing,,no,no,no
compile,compiles,compiled,compiling,,yes,no,no
complain,complains,complained,complaining,,yes,no,no
complement,complements,complemented,complementing,,yes,no,no
compliment,compliments,complimented,complimenting,,yes,no,no
comprehend,comprehends,comprehended,comprehending,,yes,no,no
compress,compresses,compressed,compressing,,yes,no,no
comprise,comprises,comprised,comprising,,yes,no,no
compromise,compromises,compromised,compromising,,no,no,no
compute,computes,computed,computing,,no,no,no
conceal,conceals,concealed,concealing,,yes,no,no
conceive,conceives,conceived,conceiving,,yes,no,no
concentrate,concentrates,concentrated,concentrating,,no,no,no
conclude,concludes,concluded,concluding,,no,no,no
concur,concurs,concurred,concurring,,yes,no,no
conduct,conducts,conducted,conducting,,yes,no,no
conform,conforms,conformed,conforming,,yes,no,no
confront,confronts,confronted,confronting,,yes,no,no
confuse,confuses,confused,confusing,,yes,no,no
consent,consents,consented,consenting,,yes,no,no
conserve,conserves,conserved,conserving,,no,no,no
console,consoles,consoled,consoling,,yes,no,no
consolidate,consolidates,consolidated,consolidating,,yes,no,no
conspire,conspires,conspired,conspiring,,no,no,no
constitute,constitutes,constituted,constituting,,no,no,no
constrain,constrains,constrained,constraining,,yes,no,no
construct,constructs,constructed,constructing,,yes,no,no
consult,consults,consulted,consulting,,yes,no,no
consume,consumes,consumed,consuming,,yes,no,no
contact,contacts,contacted,contacting,,yes,no,no
contain,contains,contained,containing,,yes,no,no
contaminate,contaminates,contaminated,contaminating,,yes,no,no
contemplate,contemplates,contemplated,contemplating,,yes,no,no
contend,contends,contended,contending,,no,no,no
contian,contains,contained,containing,,yes,no,no
continue,continues,continued,continuing,,yes,no,no
contour,contours,contoured,contouring,,yes,no,no
contract,contracts,contracted,contracting,,yes,no,no
contradict,contradicts,contradicted,contradicting,,yes,no,no
contribute,contributes,contributed,contributing,,yes,no,no
converge,converges,converged,converging,,no,no,no
convert,converts,converted,converting,,yes,no,no
convince,convinces,convinced,convincing,,no,no,no
cook,cooks,cooked,cooking,,yes,no,no
cooperate,cooperates,cooperated,cooperating,,no,no,no
coordinate,coordinates,coordinated,coordinating,,yes,no,no
cope,copes,coped,coping,,no,no,no
correct,corrects,corrected,correcting,,yes,no,no
correlate,correlates,correlated,correlating,,yes,no,no
correspond,corresponds,corresponded,corresponding,,no,no,no
corroborate,corroborates,corroborated,corroborating,,yes,no,no
cough,coughs,coughed,coughing,,yes,no,no
count,counts,counted,counting,,yes,no,no
counter,counters,countered,countering,,yes,no,no
counteract,counteracts,counteracted,counteracting,,yes,no,no
couple,couples,coupled,coupling,,yes,no,no
cover,covers,covered,covering,,yes,no,no
cramp,cramps,cramped,cramping,,yes,no,no
create,creates,created,creating,,yes,no,no
creep,creeps,crept,creeping,,no,no,no
cripple,cripples,crippled,crippling,,yes,no,no
cross,crosses,crossed,crossing,,yes,no,no
crouch,crouches,crouched,crouching,,yes,no,no
crowd,crowds,crowded,crowding,,yes,no,no
cry,cries,cried,crying,,no,no,no
culminate,culminates,culminated,culminating,,yes,no,no
curb,curbs,curbed,curbing,,yes,no,no
cure,cures,cured,curing,,yes,no,no
customize,customizes,customized,customizing,,yes,no,no
damage,damages,damaged,damaging,,yes,no,no
damp,damps,damped,damping,,yes,no,no
dance,dances,danced,dancing,,no,no,no
date,dates,dated,dating,,yes,no,no
deactivate,deactivates,deactivated,deactivating,,yes,no,no
debate,debates,debated,debating,,yes,no,no
decide,decides,decided,deciding,,yes,no,no
decipher,deciphers,deciphered,deciphering,,no,no,no
declare,declares,declared,declaring,,yes,no,no
decline,declines,declined,declining,,yes,no,yes
decode,decodes,decoded,decoding,,yes,no,no
deconstruct,deconstructs,deconstructed,deconstructing,,yes,no,no
decontaminate,decontaminates,decontaminated,decontaminating,,yes,no,no
decorate,decorats,decorated,decorating,,yes,no,no
dedicate,dedicates,dedicated,dedicating,,yes,no,no
deform,deforms,deformed,deforming,,yes,no,no
degrade,degrades,degraded,degrading,,yes,no,no
dehydrate,dehydrates,dehydrated,dehydrating,,yes,no,no
delete,deletes,deleted,deleting,,yes,no,no
deliver,delivers,delivered,delivering,,yes,no,no
demand,demands,demanded,demanding,,yes,no,no
denote,denotes,denoted,denoting,,yes,no,no
depend,depends,depended,depending,,no,no,no
depict,depicts,depicted,depicting,,yes,no,no
deplete,depletes,depleted,depleting,,yes,no,no
deploy,deploys,deployed,deploying,,yes,no,no
depress,depresses,depressed,depressing,,no,no,no
deprive,deprives,deprived,depriving,,yes,no,no
derive,derives,derived,deriving,,yes,no,no
desensitize,desensitizes,desensitized,desensitizing,,yes,no,no
deserve,deserves,deserved,deserving,,no,no,no
design,designs,designed,designing,,yes,no,no
designate,designates,designated,designating,,yes,no,no
desire,desires,desired,desiring,,yes,no,no
destabilize,destabilizes,destabilized,destabilizing,,yes,no,no
detach,detaches,detached,detaching,,yes,no,no
detain,detains,detained,detaining,,yes,no,no
deter,deters,deterred,detering,,yes,no,no
deteriorate,deteriorates,deteriorated,deteriorating,,yes,no,no
deviate,deviates,deviated,deviating,,yes,no,no
devise,devises,devised,devising,,yes,no,no
devote,devotes,devoted,devoting,,yes,no,no
dictate,dictates,dictated,dictating,,yes,no,no
differ,differs,differed,differing,,yes,no,no
differentiate,differentiates,differentiated,differentiating,,no,no,no
diffuse,diffuses,diffused,diffusing,,yes,no,no
digest,digests,digested,digesting,,yes,no,no
diminish,diminishes,diminished,diminishing,,yes,no,no
dine,dines,dined,dining,,no,no,no
direct,directs,directed,directing,,yes,no,no
disable,disables,disabled,disabling,,yes,no,no
disagree,disagrees,disagreed,disagreeing,,no,no,no
disassemble,disassembles,disassembled,disassembling,,yes,no,no
discard,discards,discarded,discarding,,yes,no,no
discern,discerns,discerned,discerning,,yes,no,no
discharge,discharges,discharged,discharging,,yes,no,no
disclose,discloses,disclosed,disclosing,,yes,no,no
disconnect,disconnects,disconnected,disconnecting,,yes,no,no
discontinue,discontinues,discontinued,discontinuing,,yes,no,no
discourage,discourages,discouraged,discouraging,,yes,no,no
discover,discovers,discovered,discovering,,yes,no,no
discriminate,discriminates,discriminated,discriminating,,no,no,no
discuss,discusses,discussed,discussing,,no,no,no
disentangle,disentangles,disentangled,disentangling,,yes,no,no
disinfect,disinfects,disinfected,disinfecting,,yes,no,no
disintegrate,disintegrates,disintegrated,disintegrating,,no,no,no
dislodge,dislodges,dislodged,dislodging,,yes,no,no
dismantle,dismantles,dismantled,dismantling,,yes,no,no
dismember,dismembers,dismembered,dismembering,,yes,no,no
dismiss,dismisses,dismissed,dismissing,,yes,no,no
dispense,dispenses,dispensed,dispensing,,yes,no,no
disperse,disperses,dispersed,dispersing,,yes,no,no
displace,displaces,displaced,displacing,,yes,no,no
dispose,disposes,disposed,disposing,,yes,no,no
disprove,disproves,disproved,disproving,,no,no,no
dispute,disputes,disputed,disputing,,yes,no,no
disrupt,disrupts,disrupted,disrupting,,yes,no,no
dissect,dissects,dissected,dissecting,,yes,no,no
disseminate,disseminates,disseminated,disseminating,,yes,no,no
dissipate,dissipates,dissipated,dissipating,,yes,no,no
dissociate,dissociates,dissociated,dissociating,,yes,no,no
dissolve,dissolves,dissolved,dissolving,,yes,no,no
dissuade,dissuades,dissuaded,dissuading,,no,no,no
distend,distends,distended,distending,,yes,no,no
distil,distils,distilled,distiling,,no,no,no
distinguish,distinguishes,distinguished,distinguishing,,no,no,no
distort,distorts,distorted,distorting,,yes,no,no
distract,distracts,distracted,distracting,,yes,no,no
distribute,distributes,distributed,distributing,,yes,no,no
distrust,distrusts,distrusted,distrusting,,no,no,no
disturb,disturbs,disturbed,disturbing,,yes,no,no
divert,diverts,diverted,diverting,,yes,no,no
divide,divides,divided,dividing,,yes,no,no
don,dons,doned,doning,,yes,no,no
donate,donates,donated,donating,,yes,no,no
double,doubles,doubled,doubling,,yes,no,no
doubt,doubts,doubted,doubting,,no,no,no
douche,douches,douched,douching,,no,no,no
download,downloads,downloaded,downloading,,yes,no,no
downsize,downsizes,downsized,downsizing,,yes,no,no
drain,drains,drained,draining,,yes,no,no
drape,drapes,drapped,draping,,yes,no,no
draw,draws,drawn,drawing,,yes,no,no
dress,dresses,dressed,dressing,,yes,no,no
drift,drifts,drifted,drifting,,yes,no,no
drip,drips,driped,driping,,yes,no,no
drum,drums,drummed,drumming,,yes,no,no
ease,eases,eased,easing,,no,no,no
echo,echos,echoed,echoing,,yes,no,no
edit,edits,edited,editing,,yes,no,no
educate,educates,educated,educating,,yes,no,no
effect,effects,effected,effecting,,yes,no,no
ejaculate,ejaculates,ejaculated,ejaculating,,yes,no,no
elaborate,elaborates,elaborated,elaborating,,no,no,no
elect,elects,elected,electing,,yes,no,no
elevate,elevates,elevated,elevating,,yes,no,no
elicit,elicits,elicited,eliciting,,no,no,no
eliminate,eliminates,eliminated,eliminating,,yes,no,yes
elucidate,elucidates,elucidated,elucidating,,yes,no,no
elude,eludes,eluded,eluding,,no,no,no
email,emails,emailed,emailing,,no,no,no
emerge,emerges,emerged,emerging,,yes,no,no
emigrate,emigrates,emigrated,emigrating,,no,no,no
emit,emits,emitted,emitting,,no,no,no
emphasize,emphasizes,emphasized,emphasizing,,no,no,no
empower,empowers,empowered,empowering,,no,no,no
emulate,emulates,emulated,emulating,,yes,no,no
emulsify,emulsifies,emulsified,emulsifying,,yes,no,no
enable,enables,enabled,enabling,,no,no,no
encapsulate,encapsulates,encapsulated,encapsulating,,yes,no,no
encompass,encompasses,encompassed,encompassing,,no,no,no
encounter,encounters,encountered,encountering,,yes,no,no
encourage,encourages,encouraged,encouraging,,no,no,no
encroache,encroaches,encroached,encroaching,,yes,no,no
end,ends,ended,ending,,yes,no,no
endanger,endangers,endangered,endangering,,yes,no,no
endeavor,endeavors,endeavored,endeavoring,,no,no,no
endorse,endorses,endorsed,endorsing,,yes,no,no
endow,endows,endowed,endowing,,yes,no,no
endure,endures,endured,enduring,,yes,no,no
enforce,enforces,enforced,enforcing,,yes,no,no
engage,engages,engaged,engaging,,yes,no,no
engender,engenders,engendered,engendering,,no,no,no
engineer,engineers,engineered,engineering,,yes,no,no
engulf,engulfs,engulfed,engulfing,,yes,no,no
enjoy,enjoys,enjoied,enjoying,,yes,no,no
enlighten,enlightens,enlightened,enlightening,,yes,no,no
enlist,enlists,enlisted,enlisting,,yes,no,no
enrich,enriches,enriched,enriching,,yes,no,no
enroll,enrolls,enrolled,enrolling,,yes,no,no
ensue,ensues,ensued,ensuing,,yes,no,no
ensure,ensures,ensured,ensuring,,yes,no,no
entail,entails,entailed,entailing,,yes,no,no
enter,enters,entered,entering,,yes,no,no
entertain,entertains,entertained,entertaining,,yes,no,no
enumerate,enumerates,enumerated,enumerating,,yes,no,no
envisage,envisages,envisaged,envisaging,,no,no,no
envision,envisions,envisioned,envisioning,,no,no,no
equate,equates,equated,equating,,yes,no,no
equip,equips,equipped,equipping,,yes,no,no
eradicate,eradicates,eradicated,eradicating,,yes,no,no
erase,erases,erased,erasing,,yes,no,no
erect,erects,erected,erecting,,yes,no,no
erode,erodes,eroded,eroding,,yes,no,no
escalate,escalates,escalated,escalating,,yes,no,no
escape,escapes,escaped,escaping,,no,no,no
estimate,estimates,estimated,estimating,,yes,no,no
evacuate,evacuates,evacuated,evacuating,,yes,no,no
evade,evades,evaded,evading,,yes,no,no
evoke,evokes,evoked,evoking,,yes,no,no
evolve,evolves,evolved,evolving,,yes,no,no
exacerbate,exacerbates,exacerbated,exacerbating,,yes,no,no
excise,excises,excised,excising,,yes,no,no
exclude,excludes,excluded,excluding,,yes,no,yes
excrete,excretes,excreted,excreting,,yes,no,no
execute,executes,executed,executing,,yes,no,no
exert,exerts,exerted,exerting,,yes,no,no
exhaust,exhausts,exhausted,exhausting,,yes,no,no
exhibit,exhibits,exhibited,exhibiting,,yes,no,no
exist,exists,existed,existing,,yes,no,no
exit,exits,exited,exiting,,yes,no,no
expand,expands,expanded,expanding,,yes,no,no
expedite,expedites,expedited,expediting,,yes,no,no
expel,expels,expelled,expelling,,yes,no,no
experience,experiences,experienced,experiencing,,yes,no,no
expire,expires,expired,expiring,,yes,no,no
explain,explains,explained,explaining,,no,no,no
explicate,explicates,explicated,explicating,,yes,no,no
exploit,exploits,exploited,exploiting,,yes,no,no
explore,explores,explored,exploring,,yes,no,no
export,exports,exported,exporting,,yes,no,no
expose,exposes,exposed,exposing,,yes,no,no
extract,extracts,extracted,extracting,,yes,no,no
extrapolate,extrapolates,extrapolated,extrapolating,,yes,no,no
fabricate,fabricates,fabricated,fabricating,,yes,no,no
face,faces,faced,facing,,yes,no,no
facilitate,facilitates,facilitated,facilitating,,yes,no,no
factor,factors,factored,factoring,,yes,no,no
fade,fades,faded,fading,,yes,no,no
fail,fails,failed,failing,,yes,no,no
fall,falls,fallen,falling,,yes,no,no
familiarize,familiarizes,familiarized,familiarizing,,no,no,no
fare,fares,fared,faring,,no,no,no
favor,favors,favored,favoring,,yes,no,no
fear,fears,feared,fearing,,yes,no,no
feel,feels,feeled,feeling,,yes,no,no
fight,fights,fought,fighting,,yes,no,no
figure,figures,figured,figuring,,yes,no,no
fill,fills,filled,filling,,yes,no,no
finalize,finalizes,finalized,finalizing,,yes,no,no
fine,fines,fined,fining,,yes,no,no
finish,finishes,finished,finishing,,yes,no,no
fit,fits,fitted,fitting,,yes,no,no
fix,fixs,fixed,fixing,,yes,no,no
flank,flanks,flanked,flanking,,yes,no,no
flare,flares,flared,flaring,,yes,no,no
flex,flexs,flexed,flexing,,yes,no,no
flip,flips,flipped,flipping,,yes,no,no
float,floats,floated,floating,,yes,no,no
flow,flows,flowed,flowing,,yes,no,no
fluctuate,fluctuates,fluctuated,fluctuating,,yes,no,no
flush,flushes,flushed,flushing,,yes,no,no
focus,focuses,focused,focusing,,yes,no,no
fold,folds,folded,folding,,yes,no,no
follow,follows,followed,following,,yes,no,no
fool,fools,fooled,fooling,,no,no,no
force,forces,forced,forcing,,yes,no,no
forecast,forecasts,forecasted,forecasting,,yes,no,no
forget,forgets,forgot,forgetting,,yes,no,no
formulate,formulates,formulated,formulating,,yes,no,no
foster,fosters,fostered,fostering,,yes,no,no
frame,frames,framed,framing,,yes,no,no
fuel,fuels,fueled,fueling,,yes,no,no
fulfill,fulfills,fulfilled,fulfilling,,yes,no,no
function,functions,functioned,functioning,,yes,no,no
funnel,funnels,funneled,funneling,,yes,no,no
gage,gages,gaged,gaging,,yes,no,no
gain,gains,gained,gaining,,yes,no,no
gather,gathers,gathered,gathering,,yes,no,no
gauge,gauges,gauged,gauging,,yes,no,no
generalize,generalizes,generalized,generalizing,,yes,no,no
generate,generates,generated,generating,,yes,no,no
glide,glides,glided,gliding,,yes,no,no
govern,governs,governed,governing,,yes,no,no
grab,grabs,grabbed,grabbing,,yes,no,no
grade,grades,graded,grading,,yes,no,no
grant,grants,granted,granting,,yes,no,no
granulate,granulates,granulated,granulating,,yes,no,no
grasp,grasps,grasped,grasping,,yes,no,no
guess,guesses,guessed,guessing,,yes,no,no
guide,guides,guided,guiding,,yes,no,no
gush,gushes,gushed,gushing,,yes,no,no
halt,halts,halted,halting,,yes,no,no
halve,halves,halved,halving,,yes,no,no
hand,hands,handed,handing,,yes,no,no
handle,handles,handled,handling,,yes,no,no
hang,hangs,hanged,hanging,,yes,no,no
happen,happens,happened,happening,,yes,no,no
harbor,harbors,harbored,harboring,,yes,no,no
harden,hardens,hardened,hardening,,yes,no,no
harvest,harvests,harvested,harvesting,,yes,no,no
hate,hates,hated,hating,,yes,no,no
head,heads,headed,heading,,yes,no,no
heal,heals,healed,healing,,yes,no,no
help,helps,helped,helping,,yes,no,no
hesitate,hesitates,hesitated,hesitating,,no,no,no
highlight,highlights,highlighted,highlighting,,yes,no,no
hijack,hijacks,hijacked,hijacking,,yes,no,no
hike,hikes,hiked,hiking,,yes,no,no
hinder,hinders,hindered,hindering,,yes,no,no
hint,hints,hinted,hinting,,no,no,no
honor,honors,honored,honoring,,yes,no,no
hope,hopes,hoped,hoping,,no,no,no
hurry,hurries,hurried,hurrying,,yes,no,no
hustle,hustles,hustled,hustling,,yes,no,no
hybridize,hybridizes,hybridized,hybridizing,,no,no,no
hydrate,hydrates,hydrated,hydrating,,yes,no,no
hypothesize,hypothesizes,hypothesized,hypothesizing,,no,no,no
ignore,ignores,ignored,ignoring,,yes,no,no
illuminate,illuminates,illuminated,illuminating,,yes,no,no
illustrate,illustrates,illustrated,illustrating,,yes,no,no
imagine,imagines,imagined,imagining,,no,no,no
imitate,imitates,imitated,imitating,,yes,no,no
immortalize,immortalizes,immortalized,immortalizing,,yes,no,no
immunize,immunizes,immunized,immunizing,,yes,no,no
impact,impacts,impacted,impacting,,yes,no,no
impart,imparts,imparted,imparting,,no,no,no
impede,impedes,impeded,impeding,,no,no,no
impinge,impinges,impinged,impinging,,no,no,no
implant,implants,implanted,implanting,,yes,no,no
implement,implements,implemented,implementing,,yes,no,no
implicate,implicates,implicated,implicating,,yes,no,no
impose,imposes,imposed,imposing,,yes,no,no
impress,impresses,impressed,impressing,,yes,no,no
improve,improves,improved,improving,,yes,no,no
inactivate,inactivates,inactivated,inactivating,,yes,no,no
incase,incases,incased,incasing,,yes,no,no
incise,incises,incised,incising,,no,no,no
incorporate,incorporates,incorporated,incorporating,,yes,no,no
indicate,indicates,indicated,indicating,,yes,no,no
individualize,individualizes,individualized,individualizing,,yes,no,no
indulge,indulges,indulged,indulging,,yes,no,no
infect,infects,infected,infecting,,yes,no,no
infiltrate,infiltrates,infiltrated,infiltrating,,yes,no,no
inflate,inflates,inflated,inflating,,yes,no,no
inflict,inflicts,inflicted,inflicting,,yes,no,no
influence,influences,influenced,influencing,,yes,no,no
inform,informs,informed,informing,,yes,no,no
infuse,infuses,infused,infusing,,yes,no,no
ingest,ingests,ingested,ingesting,,yes,no,no
inhabit,inhabits,inhabited,inhabiting,,yes,no,no
inherit,inherits,inherited,inheriting,,yes,no,no
initiate,initiates,initiated,initiating,,yes,no,no
inject,injects,injected,injecting,,yes,no,no
injure,injures,injured,injuring,,yes,no,no
inquire,inquires,inquired,inquiring,,no,no,no
insert,inserts,inserted,inserting,,yes,no,no
insist,insists,insisted,insisting,,yes,no,no
inspect,inspects,inspected,inspecting,,yes,no,no
inspire,inspires,inspired,inspiring,,no,no,no
instill,instills,instilled,instilling,,yes,no,no
institute,institutes,instituted,instituting,,yes,no,no
instruct,instructs,instructed,instructing,,yes,no,no
integrate,integrates,integrated,integrating,,yes,no,no
intend,intends,intended,intending,,no,no,no
interact,interacts,interacted,interacting,,yes,no,no
intercept,intercepts,intercepted,intercepting,,yes,no,no
interfere,interferes,interfered,interfering,,yes,no,no
internalize,internalizes,internalized,internalizing,,yes,no,no
interpret,interprets,interpreted,interpreting,,yes,no,no
interrogate,interrogates,interrogated,interrogating,,yes,no,no
interrupt,interrupts,interrupted,interrupting,,yes,no,no
intersect,intersects,intersected,intersecting,,yes,no,no
intertwine,intertwines,intertwined,intertwining,,yes,no,no
intervene,intervenes,intervened,intervening,,yes,no,no
introduce,introduces,introduced,introducing,,yes,no,no
invade,invades,invaded,invading,,yes,no,no
invalidate,invalidates,invalidated,invalidating,,yes,no,no
invent,invents,invented,inventing,,yes,no,no
invert,inverts,inverted,inverting,,yes,no,no
invite,invites,invited,inviting,,yes,no,no
iron,irons,ironed,ironing,,yes,no,no
irradiate,irradiates,irradiated,irradiating,,yes,no,no
irrigate,irrigates,irrigated,irrigating,,yes,no,no
irritate,irritates,irritated,irritating,,yes,no,no
isolate,isolates,isolated,isolating,,yes,no,no
issue,issues,issued,issuing,,yes,no,no
jelly,jellies,jellied,jellying,,yes,no,no
join,joins,joined,joining,,yes,no,no
judge,judges,judged,judging,,yes,no,no
jump,jumps,jumped,jumping,,no,no,no
juxtapose,juxtaposes,juxtaposed,juxtaposing,,no,no,no
kick,kicks,kicked,kicking,,yes,no,no
kill,kills,killed,killing,,yes,no,no
kink,kinks,kinked,kinking,,yes,no,no
knock,knocks,knocked,knocking,,yes,no,no
label,labels,labeled,labeling,,yes,no,no
lack,lacks,lacked,lacking,,no,no,no
lance,lances,lanced,lancing,,no,no,no
land,lands,landed,landing,,yes,no,no
last,lasts,lasted,lasting,,no,no,no
lay,lays,laid,laying,,yes,no,no
lead,leads,led,leading,,yes,no,no
lean,leans,leaned,leaning,,yes,no,no
learn,learns,learned,learning,,yes,no,no
lend,lends,lent,lending,,yes,no,no
lengthen,lengthens,lengthened,lengthening,,yes,no,no
lessen,lessens,lessened,lessening,,yes,no,no
let,NA,let,letting,,no,no,no
level,levels,leveled,leveling,,yes,no,no
lie,lies,lied,lying,,no,no,no
lift,lifts,lifted,lifting,,yes,no,no
lighten,lightens,lightened,lightening,,yes,no,no
like,likes,liked,liking,,yes,no,no
linger,lingers,lingered,lingering,,yes,no,no
list,lists,listed,listing,,yes,no,no
live,lives,lived,living,,yes,no,no
localize,localizes,localized,localizing,,no,no,no
locate,locates,located,locating,,yes,no,no
lodge,lodges,lodged,lodging,,yes,no,no
look,looks,looked,looking,,yes,no,no
loose,looses,loosed,loosing,,no,no,no
loosen,loosens,loosened,loosening,,yes,no,no
lose,loses,lost,losing,,yes,no,no
love,loves,loved,loving,,yes,no,no
lower,lowers,lowered,lowering,,yes,no,no
lubricate,lubricates,lubricated,lubricating,,yes,no,no
mail,mails,mailed,mailing,,yes,no,no
maintain,maintains,maintained,maintaining,,yes,no,no
manage,manages,managed,managing,,yes,no,no
mandate,mandates,mandated,mandating,,yes,no,no
maneuver,maneuvers,maneuvered,maneuvering,,yes,no,no
manifest,manifests,manifested,manifesting,,yes,no,no
manipulate,manipulates,manipulated,manipulating,,yes,no,no
map,maps,maped,maping,,yes,no,no
mark,marks,marked,marking,,yes,no,no
marry,marries,married,marrying,,yes,no,no
masquerade,masquerades,masqueraded,masquerading,,no,no,no
master,masters,mastered,mastering,,yes,no,no
masturbate,masturbates,masturbated,masturbating,,no,no,no
match,matches,matched,matching,,yes,no,no
materialize,materializes,materialized,materializing,,yes,no,no
matter,matters,mattered,mattering,,no,no,no
mature,matures,matured,maturing,,yes,no,no
max,maxes,maxed,maxing,,yes,no,no
maximize,maximizes,maximized,maximizing,,no,no,no
mean,means,meant,meaning,,no,no,no
mediate,mediates,mediated,mediating,,no,no,no
meditate,meditates,meditated,meditating,,no,no,no
melt,melt,melted,melting,,yes,no,no
mend,mends,mended,mending,,yes,no,no
mention,mentions,mentioned,mentioning,,no,no,no
merge,merges,merged,merging,,yes,no,no
mesh,meshes,meshed,meshing,,yes,no,no
metabolize,metabolizes,metabolized,metabolizing,,yes,no,no
metastasize,metastasizes,metastasized,metastasizing,,yes,no,no
micturate,micturates,micturated,micturating,,yes,no,no
migrate,migrates,migrated,migrating,,yes,no,no
militate,militates,militated,militating,,yes,no,no
milk,milks,milked,milking,,yes,no,no
mind,minds,minded,minding,,no,no,no
mine,mines,mined,mining,,yes,no,no
minimize,minimizes,minimized,minimizing,,yes,no,no
mirror,mirrors,mirrored,mirroring,,yes,no,no
miss,misses,missed,missing,,yes,no,no
mitigate,mitigates,mitigated,mitigating,,yes,no,no
mix,mixes,mixed,mixing,,yes,no,no
mobilize,mobilizes,mobilized,mobilizing,,yes,no,no
model,models,modeled,modeling,,yes,no,no
moderate,moderates,moderated,moderating,,yes,no,no
modernize,modernizes,modernized,modernizing,,yes,no,no
modify,modifies,modified,modifying,,yes,no,no
monitor,monitors,monitored,monitoring,,yes,no,no
mother,mothers,mothered,mothering,,yes,no,no
motivate,motivates,motivated,motivating,,yes,no,no
mount,mounts,mounted,mounting,,yes,no,no
mourn,mourns,mourned,mourning,,yes,no,no
move,moves,moved,moving,,yes,no,no
mow,mows,mowed,mowing,,yes,no,no
muse,muses,mused,musing,,no,no,no
mutate,mutates,mutated,mutating,,yes,no,no
name,names,named,naming,,yes,no,no
nanosize,nanosizes,nanosized,nanosizing,,no,no,no
narrow,narrows,narrowed,narrowing,,yes,no,no
navigate,navigates,navigated,navigating,,yes,no,no
necessitate,necessitates,necessitated,necessitating,,yes,no,no
need,needs,needed,needing,,yes,no,no
needle,needles,needled,needling,,no,no,no
negate,negates,negated,negating,,yes,no,yes
negotiate,negotiates,negotiated,negotiating,,yes,no,no
neuter,neuters,neutered,neutering,,yes,no,no
neutralize,neutralizes,neutralized,neutralizing,,yes,no,no
nominate,nominates,nominated,nominating,,yes,no,no
normalize,normalizes,normalized,normalizing,,yes,no,no
note,notes,noted,noting,,yes,no,no
notice,notices,noticed,noticing,,yes,no,no
nurse,nurses,nursed,nursing,,yes,no,no
nurture,nurtures,nurtured,nurturing,,yes,no,no
obey,obeys,obeyed,obeying,,yes,no,no
obscure,obscures,obscured,obscuring,,yes,no,no
obstruct,obstructs,obstructed,obstructing,,yes,no,no
occlude,occludes,occluded,occluding,,yes,no,no
occupy,occupies,occupied,occupying,,yes,no,no
occur,occurs,occurred,occuring,,yes,no,no
offend,offends,offended,offending,,yes,no,no
offer,offers,offered,offering,,yes,no,no
offset,offsets,offset,offsetting,,yes,no,no
ok,oks,okayed,okaying,,yes,no,no
oligomerize,oligomerizes,oligomerized,oligomerizing,,yes,no,no
omit,omits,omitted,omitting,,yes,no,no
ooze,oozes,oozed,oozing,,yes,no,no
open,opens,opened,opening,,yes,no,no
oppose,opposes,opposed,opposing,,yes,no,no
opsonize,opsonizes,opsonized,opsonizing,,yes,no,no
opt,opts,opted,opting,,yes,no,no
optimize,optimizes,optimized,optimizing,,yes,no,no
orchestrate,orchestrates,orchestrated,orchestrating,,yes,no,no
order,orders,ordered,ordering,,yes,no,no
organize,organizes,organized,organizing,,yes,no,no
orgasm,orgasms,orgasmed,orgasming,,yes,no,no
originate,originates,originated,originating,,yes,no,no
outcompete,outcompetes,outcompeted,outcompeting,,yes,no,no
outgrow,outgrows,outgrew,outgrowing,,no,no,no
outline,outlines,outlined,outlining,,yes,no,no
outnumber,outnumbers,outnumbered,outnumbering,,no,no,no
outperform,outperforms,outperformed,outperforming,,yes,no,no
outweigh,outweighs,outweighed,outweighing,,yes,no,no
overcome,overcomes,overcame,overcoming,,yes,no,no
overdo,,overdone,overdoing,,yes,no,no
overestimate,overestimates,overestimated,overestimating,,yes,no,no
overlap,overlaps,overlapped,overlapping,,yes,no,no
overlie,overlies,overlied,overlying,,yes,no,no
overlook,overlooks,overlooked,overlooking,,yes,no,no
overproduce,overproduces,overproduced,overproducing,,yes,no,no
override,overrides,overrided,overriding,,yes,no,no
overshoot,overshoots,overshot,overshooting,,yes,no,no
overwhelm,overwhelms,overwhelmed,overwhelming,,yes,no,no
ovulate,ovulates,ovulated,ovulating,,yes,no,no
own,owns,owned,owning,,yes,no,no
oxidize,oxidizes,oxidized,oxidizing,,yes,no,no
pack,packs,packed,packing,,yes,no,no
pair,pairs,paired,pairing,,yes,no,no
paralyze,paralyzes,paralyzed,paralyzing,,yes,no,no
participate,participates,participated,participating,,yes,no,no
paste,pastes,pasted,pasting,,yes,no,no
patent,patents,patented,patenting,,yes,no,no
pause,pauses,paused,pausing,,yes,no,no
pave,paves,paved,paving,,yes,no,no
peak,peaks,peaked,peaking,,yes,no,no
peer,peers,peered,peering,,yes,no,no
penetrate,penetrates,penetrated,penetrating,,yes,no,no
perceive,perceives,perceived,perceiving,,no,no,no
perpetuate,perpetuates,perpetuated,perpetuating,,yes,no,no
persist,persists,persisted,persisting,,yes,no,no
personalize,personalizes,personalized,personalizing,,yes,no,no
pertain,pertains,pertained,pertaining,,yes,no,no
perturb,perturbs,perturbed,perturbing,,yes,no,no
phone,phones,phoned,phoning,,yes,no,no
pick,picks,picked,picking,,yes,no,no
piece,pieces,pieced,piecing,,yes,no,no
pinch,pinches,pinched,pinching,,yes,no,no
pinpoint,pinpoints,pinpointed,pinpointing,,yes,no,no
plague,plagues,plagued,plaguing,,yes,no,no
please,pleases,pleased,pleasing,,no,no,no
point,points,pointed,pointing,,yes,no,no
pool,pools,pooled,pooling,,yes,no,no
populate,populates,populated,populating,,yes,no,no
portend,portends,portended,portending,,yes,no,no
pose,poses,posed,posing,,yes,no,no
possess,possesses,possessed,possessing,,yes,no,no
post,posts,posted,posting,,yes,no,no
postpone,postpones,postponed,postponing,,yes,no,no
postulate,postulates,postulated,postulating,,yes,no,no
practice,practices,practiced,practicing,,yes,no,no
precede,precedes,preceded,preceding,,yes,no,no
precipitate,precipitates,precipitated,precipitating,,yes,no,no
preclude,precludes,precluded,precluding,,yes,no,no
predate,predates,predated,predating,,no,no,no
predict,predicts,predicted,predicting,,yes,no,no
predispose,predisposes,predisposed,predisposing,,yes,no,no
preempt,preempts,preempted,preempting,,no,no,no
prep,preps,prepped,prepping,,yes,no,no
prepare,prepares,prepared,preparing,,yes,no,no
prescribe,prescribes,prescribed,prescribing,,yes,no,no
present,presents,presented,presenting,,yes,no,no
preserve,preserves,preserved,preserving,,yes,no,no
press,presses,pressed,pressing,,yes,no,no
pressure,pressures,pressured,pressuring,,yes,no,no
presume,presumes,presumed,presuming,,no,no,no
prevent,prevents,prevented,preventing,,no,no,no
price,prices,priced,pricing,,yes,no,no
prioritize,prioritizes,prioritized,prioritizing,,yes,no,no
probe,probes,probed,probing,,yes,no,no
proceed,proceeds,proceeded,proceeding,,yes,no,no
process,processes,processed,processing,,yes,no,no
procure,procures,procured,procuring,,yes,no,no
profile,profiles,profiled,profiling,,yes,no,no
program,programs,programmed,programing,,yes,no,no
progress,progresses,progressed,progressing,,yes,no,no
prohibit,prohibits,prohibited,prohibiting,,no,no,no
project,projects,projected,projecting,,yes,no,no
proliferate,proliferates,proliferated,proliferating,,yes,no,no
prolong,prolongs,prolonged,prolonging,,yes,no,no
promise,promises,promised,promising,,no,no,no
prompt,prompts,prompted,prompting,,yes,no,no
propagate,propagates,propagated,propagating,,yes,no,no
propose,proposes,proposed,proposing,,no,no,no
protect,protects,protected,protecting,,yes,no,no
protract,protracts,protracted,protracting,,yes,no,no
protrude,protrudes,protruded,protruding,,yes,no,no
prove,proves,proved,proving,,no,no,no
provision,provisions,provisioned,provisioning,,yes,no,no
provoke,provokes,provoked,provoking,,yes,no,no
prune,prunes,pruned,pruning,,yes,no,no
pry,prys,pried,prying,,yes,no,no
publish,publishes,published,publishing,,yes,no,no
pull,pulls,pulled,pulling,,yes,no,no
pump,pumps,pumped,pumping,,yes,no,no
punch,punches,punched,punching,,yes,no,no
purchase,purchases,purchased,purchasing,,yes,no,no
pursue,pursues,pursued,pursuing,,yes,no,no
push,pushes,pushed,pushing,,yes,no,no
quantitate,quantitates,quantitated,quantitating,,yes,no,no
quell,quells,quelled,quelling,,yes,no,no
question,questions,questioned,questioning,,yes,no,no
quit,quits,quit,quitting,,yes,no,no
quote,quotes,quoted,quoting,,yes,no,no
radiate,radiates,radiated,radiating,,yes,no,no
rank,ranks,ranked,ranking,,yes,no,no
reach,reaches,reached,reaching,,yes,no,no
react,reacts,reacted,reacting,,no,no,no
reactivate,reactivates,reactivated,reactivating,,yes,no,no
readdress,readdresses,readdressed,readdressing,,yes,no,no
readjust,readjusts,readjusted,readjusting,,yes,no,no
realize,realizes,realized,realizing,,no,no,no
reappear,reappears,reappeared,reappearing,,yes,no,no
rearrange,rearranges,rearranged,rearranging,,yes,no,no
reason,reasons,reasoned,reasoning,,no,no,no
reassess,reassesses,reassessed,reassessing,,yes,no,no
reassure,reassures,reassured,reassuring,,no,no,no
reattach,reattaches,reattached,reattaching,,yes,no,no
rebound,rebounds,rebounded,rebounding,,yes,no,no
recall,recalls,recalled,recalling,,no,no,no
recapitulate,recapitulates,recapitulated,recapitulating,,no,no,no
recede,recedes,receded,receding,,yes,no,yes
receive,receives,received,receiving,,yes,no,no
recheck,rechecks,rechecked,rechecking,,yes,no,no
recognize,recognizes,recognized,recognizing,,yes,no,no
recollect,recollects,recollected,recollecting,,yes,no,no
reconcile,reconciles,reconciled,reconciling,,yes,no,no
reconnect,reconnects,reconnected,reconnecting,,yes,no,no
reconsider,reconsiders,reconsidered,reconsidering,,no,no,no
reconstitute,reconstitutes,reconstituted,reconstituting,,yes,no,no
reconstruct,reconstructs,reconstructed,reconstructing,,yes,no,no
recontact,recontacts,recontacted,recontacting,,yes,no,no
reconvene,reconvenes,reconvened,reconvening,,no,no,no
record,records,recorded,recording,,yes,no,no
recover,recovers,recovered,recovering,,yes,no,no
recreate,recreates,recreated,recreating,,yes,no,no
recruit,recruits,recruited,recruiting,,yes,no,no
recycle,recycles,recycled,recycling,,yes,no,no
redefine,redefines,redefined,redefining,,yes,no,no
redesign,redesigns,redesigned,redesigning,,yes,no,no
redevelop,redevelops,redeveloped,redeveloping,,yes,no,no
redirect,redirects,redirected,redirecting,,yes,no,no
redistribute,redistributes,redistributed,redistributing,,yes,no,no
reenter,reenters,reentered,reentering,,yes,no,no
reexamine,reexamines,reexamined,reexamining,,yes,no,no
reference,references,referenced,referencing,,yes,no,no
refill,refills,refilled,refilling,,yes,no,no
refine,refines,refined,refining,,yes,no,no
reflect,reflects,reflected,reflecting,,yes,no,no
reform,reforms,reformed,reforming,,yes,no,no
refrain,refrains,refrained,refraining,,yes,no,no
refresh,refreshes,refreshed,refreshing,,yes,no,no
refuse,refuses,refused,refusing,,yes,no,no
regain,regains,regained,regaining,,yes,no,no
regenerate,regenerates,regenerated,regenerating,,yes,no,no
regrade,regrades,regraded,regrading,,yes,no,no
regress,regresses,regressed,regressing,,yes,no,no
regroup,regroups,regrouped,regrouping,,yes,no,no
rehab,rehabs,rehabbed,rehabbing,,yes,no,no
rehabilitate,rehabilitates,rehabilitated,rehabilitating,,yes,no,no
reimage,reimages,reimaged,reimaging,,yes,no,no
reimplant,reimplants,reimplanted,reimplanting,,yes,no,no
reincorporate,reincorporates,reincorporated,reincorporating,,yes,no,no
reinforce,reinforces,reinforced,reinforcing,,yes,no,no
reinitiate,reinitiates,reinitiated,reinitiating,,yes,no,no
reinsert,reinserts,reinserted,reinserting,,yes,no,no
reinspect,reinspects,reinspected,reinspecting,,yes,no,no
reinstate,reinstates,reinstated,reinstating,,yes,no,no
reinstitute,reinstitutes,reinstituted,reinstituting,,yes,no,no
reinterview,reinterviews,reinterviewed,reinterviewing,,yes,no,no
reintroduce,reintroduces,reintroduced,reintroducing,,yes,no,no
reinvigorate,reinvigorates,reinvigorated,reinvigorating,,yes,no,no
relapse,relapses,relapsed,relapsing,,yes,no,no
relate,relates,related,relating,,yes,no,no
relearn,relearns,relearned,relearning,,yes,no,no
release,releases,released,releasing,,yes,no,no
relieve,relieves,relieved,relieving,,yes,no,no
relocalize,relocalizes,relocalized,relocalizing,,yes,no,no
relocate,relocates,relocated,relocating,,yes,no,no
remember,remembers,remembered,remembering,,no,no,no
remind,reminds,reminded,reminding,,no,no,no
remodel,remodels,remodeled,remodeling,,yes,no,no
render,renders,rendered,rendering,,yes,no,no
renew,renews,renewed,renewing,,yes,no,no
reorder,reorders,reordered,reordering,,yes,no,no
repeat,repeats,repeated,repeating,,yes,no,no
replenish,replenishes,replenished,replenishing,,yes,no,no
replicate,replicates,replicated,replicating,,yes,no,no
repopulate,repopulates,repopulated,repopulating,,yes,no,no
reposition,repositions,repositioned,repositioning,,yes,no,no
repress,represses,repressed,repressing,,yes,no,no
reproduce,reproduces,reproduced,reproducing,,yes,no,no
repurpose,repurposes,repurposed,repurposing,,yes,no,no
request,requests,requested,requesting,,yes,no,no
require,requires,required,requiring,,yes,no,no
reschedule,reschedules,rescheduled,rescheduling,,yes,no,no
rescope,rescopes,rescoped,rescoping,,yes,no,no
rescue,rescues,rescued,rescuing,,yes,no,no
research,researches,researched,researching,,yes,no,no
reside,resides,resided,residing,,yes,no,no
resist,resists,resisted,resisting,,yes,no,no
resolve,resolves,resolved,resolving,,yes,no,no
resonate,resonates,resonated,resonating,,yes,no,no
resort,resorts,resorted,resorting,,yes,no,no
respect,respects,respected,respecting,,yes,no,no
respond,responds,responded,responding,,yes,no,no
rest,rests,rested,resting,,no,no,no
restart,restarts,restarted,restarting,,yes,no,no
restore,restores,restored,restoring,,yes,no,no
restrain,restrains,restrained,restraining,,yes,no,no
restrict,restricts,restricted,restricting,,yes,no,no
retain,retains,retained,retaining,,yes,no,no
retard,retards,retarded,retarding,,yes,no,no
retest,retests,retested,retesting,,yes,no,no
retire,retires,retired,retiring,,yes,no,no
retract,retracts,retracted,retracting,,yes,no,no
retrain,retrains,retrained,retraining,,yes,no,no
retreat,retreats,retreated,retreating,,yes,no,no
retrieve,retrieves,retrieved,retrieving,,yes,no,no
return,returns,returned,returning,,yes,no,no
reuse,reuses,reused,reusing,,yes,no,no
reverse,reverses,reversed,reversing,,yes,no,no
revert,reverts,reverted,reverting,,yes,no,no
revise,revises,revised,revising,,yes,no,no
revisit,revisits,revisited,revisiting,,yes,no,no
revitalize,revitalizes,revitalized,revitalizing,,yes,no,no
revive,revives,revived,reviving,,yes,no,no
revolutionize,revolutionizes,revolutionized,revolutionizing,,yes,no,no
revolve,revolves,revolved,revolving,,yes,no,no
rework,reworks,reworked,reworking,,yes,no,no
risk,risks,risked,risking,,yes,no,no
rock,rocks,rocked,rocking,,yes,no,no
rotate,rotates,rotated,rotating,,yes,no,no
round,rounds,rounded,rounding,,yes,no,no
rub,rubs,rubbed,rubbing,,yes,no,no
ruffle,ruffles,ruffled,ruffling,,yes,no,no
rule,rules,ruled,ruling,,yes,no,no
rush,rushes,rushed,rushing,,yes,no,no
sacrifice,sacrifices,sacrificed,sacrificing,,yes,no,no
safeguard,safeguards,safeguarded,safeguarding,,yes,no,no
sail,sails,sailed,sailing,,yes,no,no
salvage,salvages,salvaged,salvaging,,yes,no,no
sample,samples,sampled,sampling,,yes,no,no
saturate,saturates,saturated,saturating,,yes,no,no
save,saves,saved,saving,,yes,no,no
scatter,scatters,scattered,scattering,,yes,no,no
schedule,schedules,scheduled,scheduling,,yes,no,no
score,scores,scored,scoring,,yes,no,no
screen,screens,screened,screening,,yes,no,no
screw,screws,screwed,screwing,,yes,no,no
scrutinize,scrutinizes,scrutinized,scrutinizing,,yes,no,no
sculpt,sculpts,sculpted,sculpting,,yes,no,no
search,searches,searched,searching,,yes,no,no
secrete,secretes,secreted,secreting,,yes,no,no
secure,secures,secured,securing,,yes,no,no
segregate,segregates,segregated,segregating,,yes,no,no
select,selects,selected,selecting,,yes,no,no
sense,senses,sensed,sensing,,no,no,no
sensitize,sensitizes,sensitized,sensitizing,,yes,no,no
sequester,sequesters,sequestered,sequestering,,yes,no,no
sequestrate,sequestrates,sequestrated,sequestrating,,yes,no,no
serve,serves,served,serving,,yes,no,no
service,services,serviced,servicing,,yes,no,no
settle,settles,settled,settling,,no,no,no
sever,severs,severed,severing,,yes,no,no
shadow,shadows,shadowed,shadowing,,yes,no,no
shake,shakes,shaked,shaking,,yes,no,no
shape,shapes,shaped,shaping,,yes,no,no
share,shares,shared,sharing,,yes,no,no
shatter,shatters,shattered,shattering,,yes,no,no
shave,shaves,shaved,shaving,,yes,no,no
shift,shifts,shifted,shifting,,yes,no,no
shorten,shortens,shortened,shortening,,yes,no,no
signal,signals,signaled,signaling,,yes,no,no
simulate,simulates,simulated,simulating,,yes,no,no
skyrocket,skyrockets,skyrocketed,skyrocketing,,yes,no,no
slack,slacks,slacked,slacking,,yes,no,no
slide,slides,slided,sliding,,yes,no,no
slow,slows,slowed,slowing,,yes,no,no
smoke,smokes,smoked,smoking,,yes,no,no
smooth,smooths,smoothed,smoothing,,yes,no,no
sneeze,sneezes,sneezed,sneezing,,yes,no,no
snore,snores,snored,snoring,,yes,no,no
soak,soaks,soaked,soaking,,yes,no,no
soar,soars,soared,soaring,,yes,no,no
socialize,socializes,socialized,socializing,,no,no,no
soften,softens,softened,softening,,yes,no,no
solve,solves,solved,solving,,yes,no,no
soothe,soothes,soothed,soothing,,yes,no,no
sort,sorts,sorted,sorting,,yes,no,no
sound,sounds,sounded,sounding,,yes,no,no
source,sources,sourced,sourcing,,yes,no,no
spare,spares,spared,sparing,,yes,no,no
spasm,spasms,spasmed,spasming,,yes,no,no
spawn,spawns,spawned,spawning,,yes,no,no
specialize,specializes,specialized,specializing,,no,no,no
speculate,speculates,speculated,speculating,,no,no,no
spike,spikes,spiked,spiking,,yes,no,no
spout,spouts,spouted,spouting,,yes,no,no
squeeze,squeezes,squeezed,squeezing,,yes,no,no
squirt,squirts,squirted,squirting,,yes,no,no
stabilize,stabilizes,stabilized,stabilizing,,yes,no,no
stack,stacks,stacked,stacking,,yes,no,no
stage,stages,staged,staging,,yes,no,no
stagger,staggers,staggered,staggering,,yes,no,no
stain,stains,stained,staining,,yes,no,no
stall,stalls,stalled,stalling,,yes,no,no
standardize,standardizes,standardized,standardizing,,yes,no,no
starch,starches,starched,starching,,yes,no,no
state,states,stated,stating,,yes,no,no
steer,steers,steered,steering,,yes,no,no
sterilize,sterilizes,sterilized,sterilizing,,yes,no,no
stimulate,stimulates,stimulated,stimulating,,yes,no,no
stitch,stitches,stitched,stitching,,yes,no,no
stomp,stomps,stomped,stomping,,yes,no,no
store,stores,stored,storing,,yes,no,no
straddle,straddles,straddled,straddling,,yes,no,no
straighten,straightens,straightened,straightening,,yes,no,no
strain,strains,strained,straining,,yes,no,no
streak,streaks,streaked,streaking,,yes,no,no
streamline,streamlines,streamlined,streamlining,,yes,no,no
stress,stresses,stressed,stressing,,yes,no,no
stretch,stretches,stretched,stretching,,yes,no,no
strike,strikes,struck,striking,,yes,no,no
strive,strives,strived,striving,,no,no,no
struggle,struggles,struggled,struggling,,yes,no,no
subject,subjects,subjected,subjecting,,yes,no,no
subside,subsides,subsided,subsiding,,no,no,no
substantiate,substantiates,substantiated,substantiating,,yes,no,no
substitute,substitutes,substituted,substituting,,yes,no,no
subvert,subverts,subverted,subverting,,yes,no,no
succumb,succumbs,succumbed,succumbing,,yes,no,no
suck,sucks,sucked,sucking,,yes,no,no
sue,sues,sued,suing,,yes,no,no
suffer,suffers,suffered,suffering,,yes,no,no
suffice,suffices,sufficed,sufficing,,yes,no,no
summarize,summarizes,summarized,summarizing,,yes,no,no
supervise,supervises,supervised,supervising,,yes,no,no
supplant,supplants,supplanted,supplanting,,yes,no,no
supplement,supplements,supplemented,supplementing,,yes,no,no
support,supports,supported,supporting,,yes,no,no
suppose,supposes,supposed,supposing,,no,no,no
surmise,surmises,surmised,surmising,,no,no,no
surmount,surmounts,surmounted,surmounting,,no,no,no
surprise,surprises,surprised,surprising,,yes,no,no
surround,surrounds,surrounded,surrounding,,yes,no,no
survive,survives,survived,surviving,,no,no,no
suspect,suspects,suspected,suspecting,,no,no,no
suspend,suspends,suspended,suspending,,yes,no,no
sustain,sustains,sustained,sustaining,,yes,no,no
suture,sutures,sutured,suturing,,yes,no,no
swallow,swallows,swallowed,swallowing,,yes,no,no
sweat,sweats,sweat,sweating,,yes,no,no
swill,swills,swilled,swilling,,yes,no,no
swim,swims,swam,swimming,,yes,no,no
switch,switches,switched,switching,,yes,no,no
sympathize,sympathizes,sympathized,sympathizing,,no,no,no
synthesize,synthesizes,synthesized,synthesizing,,no,no,no
tackle,tackles,tackled,tackling,,yes,no,no
tailor,tailors,tailored,tailoring,,yes,no,no
talk,talks,talked,talking,,yes,no,no
target,targets,targeted,targeting,,yes,no,no
taste,tastes,tasted,tasting,,yes,no,no
tear,tears,teared,tearing,,yes,no,no
temporize,temporizes,temporized,temporizing,,yes,no,no
tend,tends,tended,tending,,yes,no,no
tender,tenders,tendered,tendering,,yes,no,no
term,terms,termed,terming,,yes,no,no
terminate,terminates,terminated,terminating,,yes,no,yes
test,tests,tested,testing,,yes,no,no
testify,testifies,testified,testifying,,yes,no,no
tether,tethers,tethered,tethering,,yes,no,no
thank,thanks,thanked,thanking,,yes,no,no
threaten,threatens,threatened,threatening,,yes,no,no
thrive,thrives,thrived,thriving,,yes,no,no
thwart,thwarts,thwarted,thwarting,,yes,no,no
tick,ticks,ticked,ticking,,yes,no,no
tighten,tightens,tightened,tightening,,yes,no,no
tingle,tingles,tingled,tingling,,yes,no,no
titrate,titrates,titrated,titrating,,yes,no,no
toggle,toggles,toggled,toggling,,yes,no,no
tolerate,tolerates,tolerated,tolerating,,yes,no,no
touch,touches,touched,touching,,yes,no,no
trace,traces,traced,tracing,,yes,no,no
track,tracks,tracked,tracking,,yes,no,no
trade,trades,traded,trading,,yes,no,no
train,trains,trained,training,,yes,no,no
transduce,transduces,transduced,transducing,,yes,no,no
transform,transforms,transformed,transforming,,yes,no,no
transfuse,transfuses,transfused,transfusing,,yes,no,no
translate,translates,translated,translating,,yes,no,no
translocate,translocates,translocated,translocating,,yes,no,no
transplant,transplants,transplanted,transplanting,,yes,no,no
transport,transports,transported,transporting,,yes,no,no
transverse,transverses,transversed,transversing,,yes,no,no
traverse,traverses,traversed,traversing,,yes,no,no
tread,treads,treaded,treading,,yes,no,no
treat,treats,treated,treating,,yes,no,no
trend,trends,trended,trending,,yes,no,no
trickle,trickles,trickled,trickling,,yes,no,no
trigger,triggers,triggered,triggering,,yes,no,no
triplicate,triplicates,triplicated,triplicating,,yes,no,no
trust,trusts,trusted,trusting,,yes,no,no
tuck,tucks,tucked,tucking,,yes,no,no
turn,turns,turned,turning,,yes,no,no
unblock,unblocks,unblocked,unblocking,,yes,no,no
uncouple,uncouples,uncoupled,uncoupling,,yes,no,no
uncover,uncovers,uncovered,uncovering,,yes,no,no
underestimate,underestimates,underestimated,underestimating,,yes,no,no
underline,underlines,underlined,underlining,,yes,no,no
undermine,undermines,undermined,undermining,,yes,no,no
underscore,underscores,underscored,underscoring,,yes,no,no
unlock,unlocks,unlocked,unlocking,,yes,no,no
unmask,unmasks,unmasked,unmasking,,yes,no,no
unravel,unravels,unraveled,unraveling,,yes,no,no
unveil,unveils,unveiled,unveiling,,yes,no,no
update,updates,updated,updating,,yes,no,no
upgrade,upgrades,upgraded,upgrading,,yes,no,no
upsize,upsizes,upsized,upsizing,,yes,no,no
urge,urges,urged,urging,,yes,no,no
urinate,urinates,urinated,urinating,,yes,no,no
vacuum,vacuums,vacuumed,vacuuming,,yes,no,no
validate,validates,validated,validating,,yes,no,no
vaporize,vaporizes,vaporized,vaporizing,,yes,no,no
vary,varies,varied,varying,,yes,no,no
vault,vaults,vaulted,vaulting,,yes,no,no
vent,vents,vented,venting,,yes,no,no
view,views,viewed,viewing,,yes,no,no
visit,visits,visited,visiting,,yes,no,no
void,voids,voided,voiding,,yes,no,no
vomit,vomits,vomited,vomiting,,yes,no,no
vouch,vouches,vouched,vouching,,yes,no,no
wait,waits,waited,waiting,,yes,no,no
wake,wakes,waked,waking,,yes,no,no
walk,walks,walked,walking,,yes,no,no
wane,wanes,waned,waning,,yes,no,no
want,wants,wanted,wanting,,yes,no,no
warn,warns,warned,warning,,yes,no,no
warrant,warrants,warranted,warranting,,yes,no,no
wash,washes,washed,washing,,yes,no,no
watch,watches,watched,watching,,yes,no,no
water,waters,watered,watering,,yes,no,no
wax,waxes,waxed,waxing,,yes,no,no
weaken,weakens,weakened,weakening,,yes,no,no
wean,weans,weaned,weaning,,yes,no,no
wear,wears,wore,wearing,,yes,no,no
weather,weathers,weathered,weathering,,yes,no,no
wed,weds,wedded,wedding,,yes,no,no
weep,weeps,weeped,weeping,,yes,no,no
weigh,weighs,weighed,weighing,,yes,no,no
weight,weights,weighted,weighting,,yes,no,no
well,wells,welled,welling,,no,no,no
whistle,whistles,whistled,whistling,,yes,no,no
widen,widens,widened,widening,,yes,no,no
widow,widows,widowed,widowing,,yes,no,no
win,wins,won,winning,,yes,no,no
wince,winces,winced,wincing,,yes,no,no
wipe,wipes,wiped,wiping,,yes,no,no
wire,wires,wired,wiring,,yes,no,no
wish,wishes,wished,wishing,,no,no,no
withdraw,withdraws,withdrawn,withdrawing,,yes,no,no
withhold,withholds,withheld,withholding,,yes,no,no
withstand,withstands,withstood,withstanding,,yes,no,no
wonder,wonders,wondered,wondering,,no,no,no
woo,woos,wooed,wooing,,yes,no,no
woodwork,workworks,woodworked,woodworking,,yes,no,no
worry,worries,worried,worrying,,yes,no,no
wound,wounds,wounded,wounding,,yes,no,no
wrap,wraps,wrapped,wrapping,,yes,no,no
wrestle,wrestles,wrestled,wrestling,,yes,no,no
write,writes,written,writing,,yes,no,no
x-ray,x-rays,x-rayed,x-raying,,yes,no,no
xenograft,xenografts,xenografted,xenografting,,yes,no,no
yawn,yawns,yawned,yawning,,yes,no,no
yell,yells,yelled,yelling,,yes,no,no
yield,yields,yielded,yielding,,yes,no,no
